(V1) Fix issue where constraints were not allowed on generic models (#5256)
pydantic/pydantic: changes/2581-MaratBR.md

> Fixes [#2581](/samuelcolvin/pydantic/issues/2581). Using constraints such as `gt` or `le` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow constraints such as `gt` or `le` on generic models.
```

You could also update the file name to use your handle.

Author: I wanted to give MaratBR credit as it was very insightful, I would not have fixed this without that PR for reference (even if mostly because I don't want to be thinking about v1).
